lyrics

----------------


SOUL GEM
A cat came up to me, and said: I can give you anything. If you trade your life to me (yeah) I could give you everything. Oh I want to meet my maker, oh I want to see her. Oh I yearn to see her, I wanrt to meet my maker. And I can feel everytime she wants to cry, and I can feel everytime she wants me to fucking die and I can feel everytime she needs to... can you feel her too? I wanna meet my maker.

ZOMBIE BY THE CRANBERRIES BY AJJ
Last time I saw you was, last tuesday night. You were up at 5am again drinking! I'm not too sure how you can form these kinds of addictions at 15, but I have faith we'll get better. (1, 2, 3, 4,) Last time I saw you were, smoking outside the moshpit of this straight edge venue outside minneapolis. And I'm not sure why you're doing it, no I ain't sure why you're doing it. But it's not you're fault you are this way, these kinds of things just kinda happen, it's not your fault you are this way, just please try and fucking change! I don't wanna be that guy, smoking outside of the moshpit of some straight edge venue in minneapolis no I do not wanna wanna do it. No I do not wanna wanna do it it it it it.

MY DEATH PART I (WO-O)
I can't stop myself from taking something from me that makes me whole life complete, and any time I try to fill the whole it all goes to shit. So whats to make of it? I'll sing a fun song make everyone clap all along! Until they'll see your eyes, they bleed. Take a knife to my throat and slit. Take a knife to my throat and slit. Whats more to my life than my death>

MY DEATH PART II
This isnt punk rock anymore when; you think all your to do is shit out vomit all over the floor! This ain't fun when you all you want to do is get spun! All you can think of is how you don't want to get groped. Maybe this is just a little too gross to 0adimt, to ourselves, that we have ruined.

SUICIDE SONG (MY DEATH PART III
I fumble under zero pressure, and this is a major issue. I crumple under the slighest pressures and I'll never tell anyone that I miss you. I walked to seven-eleven and I almost got hit by a car. Maybe it would all be better if I had just walked a little too far. And god wasn't dead, you just fucking killed him. Then you went and pissed on his corpse! Maybe my life is just an amalgam of hatred and divorce. And after the building was built I spent the whole day crying because it hadn't already collapsed. And after staring at my ceiling all night I might finally begin to crack. I'll take one more shot make a call and I'm ready to finally make this night my last. Take one last drink and I'll think I'll be ready to finally make this night my last. I'll take one more shot make a call and I'm ready to finally make this night my last. I'll take one last drink and I think I'll be ready to finally crown this shit a life.

FULL OF ME
I sat alone writing the same thing for the fifth today, what the fuck's wrong with me? I kept an eye as she went out to sea, and yet she drowned full of me. "Roses planted the field" call that imagery, but when it comes to meanings, don't you dare ask me. I'm a fucking fraud at everything I thought I was good at, I'm a fucking liar and a cheating douchebag! I'm told to keep an eye, as we go out to sea. But this boat will sink, full of me!

GOD SONG
every song I write's the fucking same

So tell me, 'what's goin' on?' instead of trying to hit that bong or...

reahing the bottom of the bottle

that you break by the end of the night by chucking it into your neighbors yard yeah and I have no shame but I'll


never write about my identity

because what if someone I know sees? oh geez!

that's a real awkward conversation that we are going to have to have

I swear to no god that I believe in that I'm gonna fucking crack

so meet me outside of my family reunion while you're

Outside smoking on the porch

and drive me home 'cause I can't sit alone for

Any bit of time anymore

staring with no intent talking nonsense while I

Just wanna lay down on the floor

I swear to no god that I believe in that I'm gonna fucking crack

and you all seem so intent and socializing with the dead and not letting me forgive shit, no!


I DON"T WANNA DEAL WITH IT
